Dentira & OrthoNu
Tue, Apr 21, 2026

0:02 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Good afternoon or good evening, Deepak. How are you?

0:04 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Doing good.

0:05 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Nice to see you, Sagar. Nice to see you, Deepankar. How are you? I'm doing

0:12 - Deepankar Sharma
How about you?

0:13 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
I'm doing well, thank you. Busy week, huh, Sagar? Very busy.

0:20 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, very busy.

0:22 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
I know, so busy. How's your week been so far?

0:26 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, it's very hectic and like work and work.

0:35 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
I know, I know we're almost there though. So thank you guys Deepak and Deepankar for being here. Very excited for the DSO Connect. We have a lot of DSOs that are coming and wanted to go over everything we discussed about Dentira. So Deepak or Deepankar, do you want to start?

0:59 - Deepak Sharma
Yeah, Sima. So, I mean, Deepankar can talk about the APIs, which he has shared across. Other than that, Sima, we had a connect with Vik. I think he wanted to understand, you know, the OrthoNu business model more. So I'm not sure if if he connected with you or not, but from our end, we requested him to have a word with you.

1:29 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. Is he joining us today?

1:31 - Deepak Sharma
I am not sure. He has, I think, tentatively accepted.

1:41 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. Was there something we wanted to discuss with him prior to completing the dental the API here?

1:51 - Deepak Sharma
Not really. I think the inventory one I surfaced with the the PMs of the core procurement group. So that particular API to do the inventory tracking will take time, but for the dentera care workflows, you know everything is ready and you're good to integrate.

2:14 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
OK, so for the lecture you're that the dentera with the middle layer, the oral intelligence layer, to automate from that is not going to be ready?

2:25 - Deepak Sharma
Yeah, that's right. Yeah, the inventory from the core procurement module, right, that won't be ready. But for the care side of things, to generate the prescriptions, right, all that is ready.

2:42 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
And was that the thing Vik wanted to speak with me about?

2:47 - Deepak Sharma
Not I think he wanted to understand broadly, what what we are trying to do, and why we are going the way we are going, right. That there is, you know, redirect from OrthoNu to Dentita and back to OrthoNu. So he just wanted to understand on a high level, you know, what's the business model. And, you know, on on the partnership side, right? He just wanted to get a general sense of things. So, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah.

3:23 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, no, I understand that. Okay, so you just want us to go forward with the dentera care?

3:28 - Deepak Sharma
Yeah, you can go ahead with the dentera care.

3:31 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
And then in the terms of the other dentera procurement piece, is there any value in your end? Is that why it's kind of being questioned.

3:43 - Deepak Sharma
Not, not really. Actually, those modules are quite deep, right? So making changes in those modules is a lot trickier. So that is where you know, the, the teams which are working on those modules for a year, they rarely take ad hoc requirements. So it has to come through a proper, you know, product planning. So they, you know, rarely take in ad hoc requests, right? Unless, of course, WIC prioritizes it, right? Otherwise, they are a little bit restrictive on that. Dentira being a standalone new piece, so it is, you know, much more convenient for us to do it independently.

4:28 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So do you think that will ever be, like, can we speak about it? Or do you think that, like, what is the timeline for that to be integrated?

4:36 - Deepak Sharma
is that so right we've surface it's it too weak you can also have a connect with him right if he gives us a go ahead you know we'll we'll get it prioritized with the right set of product managers after the DSO connect after yeah after okay yes oh again it's Yeah, it looks like it's not a priority right now.

5:06 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
I see. Okay. So best thing to do is reach out to Vik directly. Yeah.

5:12 - Deepankar Sharma
I just had a chat with Vik. He said he can join in a couple of minutes. So maybe we can go around the technical discussion first. And then once Vik is here, we can have that conversation.

5:24 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah. And then in terms of like, why in the beginning Deepak, thought it was beneficial? Um, was it the same reasoning that I thought because that you were attaching, um, the ability for, uh, dentera to be able to gain revenue through purchase orders through the offices, meaning like, what is the benefit to dentera to have the ortho new middle layer beyond the dentera care?

5:57 - Deepak Sharma
That's obvious, but what Yeah, I'm not fully clear on that, Sima, to be honest, right? So that is where actually I needed Vik.

6:11 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay, no problem. Please go ahead, Deepak. No, no worries.

6:15 - Deepak Sharma
Deepankar, can you go over the technical details?

6:18 - Deepankar Sharma
Yeah, sure. So Sagar, we published the authentication layer. So we actually ran into some auditing issues. Were ready on Friday, but we had to get it approved and audited that everything is secure and we are not violating anything. So based on that, I published the latest API specification document. I can share my screen and go over it. Let me know once you're able to see it. All right. So this is the API specification document, and here we have provided I did the environment details as well. So there are two environment, one is the sandbox, the other one is the production. So the URL for the sandbox environment will be vendorcaresbx.dentera.com. So you will be able to fire the APIs, like majority of the endpoints are GraphQL, so it will be this endpoint slash GraphQL. And for authentication, the endpoint that we are using is a post request to slash auth slash token, right? So just to demonstrate, you know, the functionality, I hope it is large enough, or if I can zoom in.

7:29 - Sagar Gohil
Can you zoom in a little bit?

7:34 - Deepankar Sharma
Let me see how to do that. Better?

7:42 - Deepankar Sharma
Yeah, I have it.

7:43 - Deepankar Sharma
All right. So this will be the endpoint, vendor-care.sbx, dentita.com slash auth slash token. And these are the credentials that we have provided already for the sandbox environment for production, the client ID will remain the same. But the client secret will be provided once you're ready to test the final integration and production, right. So for now, with this payload, whatever is already provided in the, you know, this document, it has client ID, client secret and the flow, client credential, you can hit this API, and it is going to provide you the access token, which is a be a token, you use this token in all subsequent GraphQL calls, and it should just work for you. So through the postman itself, you can basically, you know, choose new GraphQL. And you should basically see it over here. And once you enter the credentials, right, when they're clear, svx.dentera.com slash GraphQL, you will be able to see the schema and everything. Right. The other way is that you can just come over here, go to body, and you can choose GraphQL, where you can split it into query and the variables. So both these things are already present in the document that I've shared with you. So I can just open it up. So here, you can see this is the GraphQL query or mutation that we have provided. And these are the input variables that you can check or use. So you just need to go in here, paste the variables over here, paste the mutation in this block, pass the header as authorization, you can come to this. We are a token, paste this token, and then it should just work for you. So in case you run into any issues, you can just let us know, and we will be happy to assist.

9:35 - Sagar Gohil
All right.

9:45 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay, Sagar, do you have everything you need for the presentation? Yeah.

9:53 - Sagar Gohil
Deepankar, send you the seven SQL that you need to enter in your variable. So, yeah, we have seven products, first of all, that we are going to enter. So I'll send that from that variable. So we'll do that for the variable ID.

10:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, sure.

10:22 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah. Yeah.

10:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Hi, Vik. How are you?

10:29 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Hey, Sima.

10:30 - Vik
Good. How are you doing? Good.

10:32 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Thank you so much. I was just speaking with Deepak and Deepankar about the DSO Connect presentation that we have on April 29th. With 200 dental service organizations. And I'm not sure if you were able to see the deck, but Sagar was able to integrate the way that the intelligence layer works in through dentera care. The conversation came up about dentera in general, and how that would also be a very valuable and core incorporation into having ortho newbie sort of your procurement, part of your procurement. And the reason being is that if a patient or a doctor's office or DSO is using dentera for procurement and reordering products, it becomes very passive in terms of what it is that they're waiting to do. But if you have it triggered similar to the way that dentera care is triggered by CDT codes and diagnosis, then it becomes more active platform where you're actually making more revenue, more traction onto Dentira. So for example, we spoke with Dr. Mary Pham from Lollipop Dental. She does not have Dentira, but she's an investor and an advisor to OrthoNu New. And I spoke with her about the layer yesterday, and she said, I would be interested in joining Dentira if their procurement platform could allow me if I were to put in the treatment that I was getting, like an ortho start, that they would automatically put into the patient's ledger, the ortho new collection. So I think there's a lot of value for the DSOs that stock the ortho new products, because we have multiple DSOs that are piloting and integrating the products to be in-house and incorporating them or bundling into them their CDT codes. So why I think that's valuable is, of course, dentera care for those DSOs that don't stock the product. Again, the automation, the gap is very clear as to why that would be productive. But I think there's a conversation to be had about, you know, continuing to move quickly with the API for just dentera alone. Again, for all of those reasons, as we start to implement into more ortho, more DSO offices, the ortho new product portfolio will be standardized and a clinical recommendation in the office. So allowing that to be part of dentera's revenue stream and longitudinal data, I think is very critical in terms of the growth of dentera in general from where it is now. What are your thoughts on that?

13:20 - Vik
No, no. So Sima, thank you so much. I just want to understand the workflow just to make sure. So right now, what is the workflow? Are you getting triggered from the PMS directly based on the CDD codes today? Or this is a plan going forward?

13:37 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So right now, the goal is that, Sagar, correct me if I'm wrong, that the Chrome overlay, so there's two different sets. There's the EHR for Epic, which is very directly correlated with PDS Health and Yeah. They have over a thousand offices and they're currently piloting in five to six offices. So the oral intelligence layer would be automated in Epic with the smart phrases. So that's one PMS system that's isolated with PDS and universities. The other PMS systems like OpenAI or Dentrix or the other ones, there's a Chrome overlay. That is something that is downloaded to the PMS but is agnostic to any PMS system. And similarly to dentera has the ability to trigger the CDT codes automatically for clinical protocol and recommendation and patient experience. So the whole closed loop is one agnostic overlay incorporated into every patient management system. And that's happening by the end of the month. Sagar, is that correct?

14:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

14:50 - Vik
Sagar, just for my information right now, do you have a browser, whatever plugin for, for

15:00 - Sagar Gohil
I don't have any, any, any system that like working the PMS system, the EHR or anything. But I need that for the testing purpose. Currently, I'm building all the things right now. So, okay. Okay. Okay.

15:21 - Vik
Yeah. To make sure I understand. So, is there another workflow or that is the primary workflow you're focusing on the triggering this, this, this purchase or initiation of this workflow right out of the PMS? Yeah, so the from, I think to make it very simple, it's a CD to CDT code or diagnostic code triggered um product portfolio so every diagnosis or every cdt code that we've identified that would warrant a product that would cause some sort of discomfort or pain is the way that the the codes are working the way that the process is working okay okay and epic you already are testing with p so pds is a customer dentera customer are you already testing with them epic we we know they have epic and we integrate with their finance and all but we do not integrate with epic there yet but for the labs project we will integrate with epic so I'm the reason I'm asking is that if you already have the ability to trigger this workflow from epic great otherwise we can scan we can scan their calendars for next whatever two weeks and if we find a CDD code which matches whatever whatever you are saying, that could be another workflow. But like I said, we are not there yet.

16:50 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah. So Sagar has been working with the IT team from Epic. We have spoken with their team, very high level, and they want the oral intelligence layer part of their showroom. So our clinical chief officer was able to curate hundreds of smart phrases that would be automated into Epic? And we already have that implemented. And Sagar, are we waiting on Epic to approve everything? And what is the status?

17:23 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, so basically, yesterday I got that VPS and also I'm working on the infrastructure to deploy that in VPS. And after, I'll test everything and we are ready after that to submit our application.

17:43 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so we already have the application submitted. We just now have to have them finalize it. And then there, we get an app into the Epic showroom. So to answer your question, Vik, yes, we will have that uploaded into intelligent player as well.

17:59 - Vik
OK. So since they use Dentira, as soon as you detect a phrase a CDT code, you will call our APIs for PDS and we will initiate a purchase. Is that the idea for that particular office?

18:20 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yes. So if they have a hygienist or a doctor, you know, call out a smart phrase or a diagnosis of some sort that would initiate Dentira to be turned on to be able to then an automated patient ledger, if the product is stocked in the office, or go to dentera care. So that's why I thought it was important to have both options. And I think Deepak Nair went through how that would automate. So it would just be the same CDT code automation, or a smart phrase automation. And then it would have two ways of going the dentera care route or the patient ledger, but that would be based on you know, whether or not the doctor stocks the product.

19:09 - Vik
Got it. Got it. Okay. Okay. So, I mean, if you are trying to pilot with PDS, maybe this is the time we should have call with PDS and make sure they understand what we're trying to do. Yeah.

19:24 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah. So, the five offices are currently in pilot and after the pilot in a couple of weeks, then we meet with the whole team and discuss the next steps of automation integration. So definitely, if you'd like to be on that call, once that's happening, so that everything is set up properly, that would be really great.

19:45 - Vik
Yeah, yeah, I think like I said, once we are at that stage where you can bring us in, like I said, they already use our platform. So it shouldn't be a big deal. And also the invoices flow through all their invoices flow through our platform. So it will streamline further and they will like it because they don't want to another way of getting invoices or paying invoices.

20:06 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So do you see the benefit at all, Vik? I know that was a question about doing it both ways. I see the benefit in the denture care, right? Because that gives you a lot of traction. Yeah, your care to be activated and give that the opportunity for revenue. But do you see the the positive attributes that the other denture position Or more of a business structure with ortho new that you feel is more important?

20:38 - Vik
No. So, so I think our goal is to find partners like you, like think of Prevident 5000, you guys, and there are a lot of similar products like electric toothbrushes. We want to have partners like you, and then we can offer out of the box solution like this to everybody. Right. But we just want to make sure that. Need to create a marketplace or product which everybody can benefit from It makes sense for a GP, makes sense for a speciality and all that. So yeah, like I said, we should do whatever it takes to make PDS successful. They are very large. Like you said, they're 1,200 locations. And if that works, it will work in other situations too.

21:22 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I mean, ultimately, you want to be just having from SKUs to product ordering to a solutions marketplace. And I think that OrthoNu portfolio of products and the intelligence layer in combination kind of sets the foundation. So that if there was other companies like the Previnent 5000 or the 3M or the Phillips toothbrushes that wanted to be associated on that CDT code as well, that would be a licensing from OrthoNu news, oral intelligence layer, or effectively, you know, something that you and I can work out, right? Because that's something that ortho new has patented is this CDT code triggered automation for?

22:07 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Do you have?

22:08 - Vik
Do you already have a patent for it?

22:11 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yes, we have multiple patents pending for all of that technology. In terms of the CDT code triggering to protocol diagnosis triggering, no one has ever done that.

22:25 - Vik
Awesome. No, no, this is I'm surprised no one has done it. It's so logical, but that's that's great. If you have patents, we should just execute it. Then I think there is there shouldn't be any blocker from here onwards other than getting some DSOs to buy into it.

22:40 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Well, that's why I wanted to speak with you is that this could also be a strategic partnership, right? Because if you and I are partners and we have the ability to get them into the CDT code triggering, which would be very valuable for them, that would be automated, which it's currently not. And that is the biggest gap in the system is that even if a doctor recommends a product, they they may not buy it, there's no data behind how that is tracked and systemized, systematized, whatever that word is. So by having partnership with you and denture, ortho new and denture, we can potentially license or monetize the ability to bring their products into this automation layer.

23:29 - Vik
So I think that's a good idea. We would love to partner. Just explain to me, let's take case of Epic. If doctor has a patient schedule, they will put all the CDD codes in that schedule itself.

23:46 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So no, they would basically put in maybe one CDT code like patient start, for example, for orthodontics, right? That's what Dr. Mary Pham from lollipop dental was saying. She said when she puts that in the chart, she wants the treatment ledger to be automated with all the products from that CDT code through denture.

24:08 - Unidentified Speaker
I see.

24:08 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So that's what we can do to help solidify what that doctor is referring to that she doesn't want it to be something that she has to speak about, she wants it to be automated so that when a chart is, you know, put in for a new patient start, that's one CDT code, for example, or if it's a, if it's a four by extraction, we have the 46 CDT codes that we've identified that warrant the product portfolio. To your point, yes, they would be putting in one or two CDT codes. And from there, dentera can be part of automating go into the patient ledger.

24:45 - Vik
And whatever goes to the patient ledger is only for patient to execute on or even doctors can execute on?

24:53 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Well, yes. Well, through dentera, of course the doctors can execute on, but that's the procurement piece, right?

24:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes. Yes.

25:00 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So if you, we can also do it that if they have, if they're ordering, let's just say, you know, braces and wires, for example, from a company that can also be triggered that they want to order products that go along with that so if they're gonna put brackets and wires on or aligners on or any type of thing that would be an accessory to whatever procedure they were doing that can also be an automated you know trigger to buy the products that go along with it like the comfort care protocol. I think that's obviously something we can do that could be automated within that so you could link the two as well.

25:40 - Vik
Got you. Got you. Okay. No, I think this makes sense. When do you think you will have PD PDS pilot done?

25:49 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
I would say in a couple of weeks.

25:51 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
They started on Monday.

25:52 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay.

25:54 - Vik
And do you pay epic for access or so?

25:58 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, epic, we just had to pay I believe it was like $2,000 to be one Yeah, one-time fee to be in their system. And then to be showcased in their showroom, you have to work with their IT team, which Sagar is doing. They gave us a whole list of all the CD hooks and all the things that we had to do to be able to have our oral intelligence layer live in the showroom. So once that's done, that can also benefit you because there's multiple universities like Michigan and University of Pennsylvania now, NYU, I would say about 15 universities. And what else you can do is that it also brings you into the medical world. If that's of interest to you, but it's the same format, right? So if it's, and all the products that we have behind it, Vik, we are bringing out the oral microbiome collection, anti-cavity strips, anti-perio microbiome strips, eight-hour benzocaine strips that dissolve in the mouth for surgeons. So we have a portfolio of products that would literally build out this platform so significantly that if denturia was also involved, it could be very useful for multiple businesses beyond the DSOs.

27:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

27:20 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Like the universities. Yeah.

27:21 - Vik
We are in HPU, High Point University in North Carolina. So yeah, they also run clinics. 12 clinics outside the university which they run. So yeah, so we are in one university, but you're right, EPIC is probably predominant in that space.

27:40 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
But it could be something for the future to build upon, you know?

27:43 - Vik
Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, I think universities is one of our areas because they don't have sophisticated, they buy a lot, but they don't have sophisticated procurement today. They directly buy on Shine or Patterson and stuff like that. Okay, no, this makes sense. Let us know how we can help and participate, especially if it is PDS, PDS, we, we have very close relationship with. Yeah.

28:07 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah. So I think the only way to help is just to let me know what you want me to say on the lecture, right? Because I'm proposing Deepak or Deepankar tell me what it is that exactly what we have. And I think Deepak was saying that it would take a while before, meaning that they would need to maybe Deepak and Deepankar, you can tell me what you said.

28:29 - Deepak Sharma
Go ahead. Yes. Because from the patient side of execution, we are clear, right? The workflow happens entirely through, you know, dentera care, we have the APIs to, you know, create a patient create a treatment, you know, add products, all that through headless API, right? Everything works under the hood. So there we are good. And these APIs are also, you know, secured, externalized, and all that, right. But when the has to do it, right, for the procurement workflow, we don't have between me the banker, right, we don't have the necessary expertise for that, because that affects the core dentera. And to my knowledge, I think we haven't externalized that core piece also. So I'm not really sure how big of an effort that is.

29:23 - Vik
So just to make sure we all are on the same page. So Sima, in case it has to be procured by the doctor, so we will just enter in the ledger what products doctor needs to buy and he will basically go to Dentira and place an order for those products with the patient name as a tag. Is that how you're thinking about it or?

29:47 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
What is another option? But that seems to be right. Is there another option besides that?

29:52 - Vik
So we can automate it. The problem is that order automation, a lot of DSOs do not like it. So there has to be a manual step. People know what they're doing rather than we just auto triggering this kind of order from their PMS. So the most logical and safe bet will be some indication to the doctor, go to Dentira and order the SKU or all of these three SKUs. Right or or we can have some link which takes them to denture and they can order something on those lines we can do but it has to be manually done otherwise dsos don't like auto ordering yeah yeah so if they don't know about that and they don't know about the system like for denture care how do you plan to implement it though because that's something that you have to attach to the dsos or they have to be they have the data care patient is ordering and patient is paying right so dsos don't care that is they're not paying from their pocket here the dso first has to pay from their pocket and then they have to sell it to the patient right or I don't know it is part of like let's say they charge you five thousand dollars for the ortho procedure and it is embedded as as that then it is fine I guess um how are you envisioning that So there are two ways doctor can buy and charge as a lump sum, right? That's one way of doing it. Other is that patients directly goes to the data and buy. What do you think is the more common approach?

31:31 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, they're probably equal depending on the office, right? Because some doctors like to recommend product, they don't like to stock it. But for the patient, for the doctors that are utilizing this as a standard of care, right, by giving these products at the start of orthodontic treatment or a liner treatment or surgeons that are doing extractions or dentures, they're bundling the fee with the CDT code. So for braces starts and aligner starts, we have D for C, we've been pilot, they've been using our products now for the last four months, they, they reorder. Yeah, D for C.

32:07 - Vik
So we're about to, I'm sorry, the for children, right?

32:12 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, for children and ortho. Yeah, they do a lot of ortho starts. So what they've been doing is they buy the whole collection.

32:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

32:22 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
And they incorporate this into every single start. So this is something that they automate with their braces start or aligner start code. So they they bundle it. So to your point, it can be automated where it makes sense. So for every brace or a liner start, the collection should be automated. The kit should be automated with certain CDT codes that make sense. That's how the DSOs are adopting it, because there's no other way of making it be integrated quicker. So to your point, if there was automation maybe for five or six CDT codes, maybe that would be something that would be standard for the DSOs that are using the OrthoNu New Portfolio. Maybe that's something we can try, right? Like you can say for the offices that are using it, but if that works, then we can extend it into and maybe present auto automation for those offices that are interested or piloting. Maybe that could be a question you can ask them.

33:25 - Vik
Yeah, yeah. So for D4C, they order one kit for every patient?

33:30 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah. So for the last four months, every new braces patient starts, they ordered a collection and they so they've ordered like, you They basically every braces start, they pay like $110 for this kit, they sell it for But it goes into the treatment fee. So if they're charging $6,000, now they're charging 6200. And they're making, you know, 90 dollars, $80 on every new patient starts. So that's revenue, ancillary revenue to them. And then if they're selling, yeah.

34:11 - Vik
No, no, I'm saying is, is that what you think will be the most common process or workflow versus they giving the link to the patient and patient directly orders through you and they get commission still? What do you think is the most common?

34:27 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Well, I mean, to get commission from us, though, I don't know that it's that easy. Across scaling right it's one thing if it's two three offices but now we have to worry about you know revenue sharing with multiple offices I think that it would have to stay clean like if they're getting a QR code to a patient that's like a clinical clinical recommendation that the doctor is saying and it's now systemized right now they have a way of doing it where they know the patient has the product in their phone and they can order it directly but for those of doctors that want to make an ancillary revenue like multiple DSOs they want to do, like they sell retainers in the beginning of treatment and the patient pays monthly or they sell whitening and the patient pays the monthly fees. Similarly, I think, again, 50-50, I would say. Okay.

35:17 - Vik
Okay. So I get it. So now I think you're right. It is a setting at the DSO level, whether they auto want to order or they want to manually go and order. Or maybe they buy in bulk. Okay. So when you said you have a DSO connect.

35:36 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah. So enterprise DSO connect. I'm one of like, you know, 50 lectures, 50 speakers that they, that they requested. And in that is an exclusive C-suite executive DSO meeting. So there will only be DSOs there and dental companies like Glidewell and Shine and Patterson. The idea is that I showcase the dentera care, I showcase the oral intelligence layer and the epic integration. So we have all three of those being presented in a video that Sagar created. But the problem that was missing was that I didn't know how to explain for those DSOs in the audience or the DSOs that are wanting to have it in procurement, that they also want that CDT code to be triggered, like we talked about it through dentera. So if they want to have an ancillary revenue, which is what we would be pitching to them, automate and treatment protocols with products that make sense for the patient, and it becomes a bundle, then they would want to implement these products into their practices, which would then mean that they would need to bulk order from dentera. Yes, I wanted to be able finish the story to say that there's two ways to do this, that you can either go through dentera care, which is, you know, what we already have, and it's ready to go. Or you can all throw also, if you're stocking it, go through dentera, just the regular, yeah, regular procurement.

37:09 - Vik
Yeah, no, no, you're absolutely right.

37:11 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
But Deepak and Deepankar were saying that it's a little bit more extensive in terms of the API, and that they weren't sure or how to do that?

37:21 - Vik
No, no. So I'm saying if you want to auto order through dentera procurement or dentera care, that that particular thing we do not offer just because DSOs don't like placing orders without the approval of the doctor or something, but still a manual ordering is fine. And you can, like I said, as long as you can prompt them, we can have a link in Epic or any other Dendrix, which they can click and would automatically add the products to their shopping cart. All they have to do is press the order button, right? That's pretty much it.

37:59 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
But would it be that they would have to download the oral intelligence layer? Like if they would have to download the Chrome overlay?

38:08 - Vik
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Correct. Correct. So you're right. So that is the extra step they have to do. Unless they remember that, see that whether it is done by your intelligence or they remember that now they have this product which they can offer and sell to their patients, which applies to these particular procedures. So yeah, like I said, I think it either they download whatever the intelligence automation layer, or they remember this thing when it is applicable for these major procedures. And they do it manually. Yeah, that is something they have to manually do it.

38:48 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So I guess for me, and maybe Deepak and Sagar, you can or Deepankar, you can explain, wasn't the idea that the the Chrome overlay that was agnostic to every system, that there was some sort of, you know, implementation through dentera via dentera care, right? So you guys have implemented ortho new into Dentira Care?

39:13 - Deepak Sharma
Yeah, so Sima, the core Dentira and Dentira Care are two completely separate systems, two different databases. You know, they reside on different clouds. They have different security layers, right? So having said that, yes, we have created the necessary APIs. We are just through your Chrome extensions. If you trigger of these GraphQL APIs that Deepankar was showcasing, you will be able to do a headless order, right? That the patient won't get to know under the hood, right? So in Dentira here, we can do all that because that is more of a customer facing, right? On the core procurement, you know, as I mentioned in our last Connect also, I don't have the necessary authority to comment, right? I need it with, we go manual or we do semi-automated or core dentera puts on a SSO page that, you know, you just directly log into dentera. Uh, you know, once you redirect from your Chrome extension and the products are added to card, you just click, you know, buy now or something like that. Right. So for that, uh, you know, Vik is needed and I think Vik can comment on that.

40:28 - Vik
But, uh, so I think whatever workflow you have for dentera care, if it a chrome plugin so dentera regular dentera can also follow through the same thing but you require different login for so for dentera you don't require any login right for dentera you require a credentials to to log into dentera with that particular office's credential or that particular instance as long as the office is logged in or in the same browser session, they have another Dentira credentials, it will work, but you need authentication to place orders on Dentira procurement. So Deepak, if I understand, there is no authentication required for the browser, right? It is a backend stuff.

41:21 - Deepak Sharma
Yeah, it's API to API authentication.

41:23 - Vik
That's what I'm saying. So there is no browser authentication required, correct? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay.

41:30 - Deepak Sharma
Yeah. Everything under the hood.

41:32 - Vik
Yeah. Yeah. So, so, so just to make sure I, uh, so Sima to make sure you understand when you create a dentera care order, there is no authentication on the front end. It's primarily backend authentication. When you do it on dentera, regular dentera, there will be a front end authentication required to place an order because we need to know who's placing order for which office they're placing order and all that. So that's the that's the key difference. Yeah. Okay, but the mechanism will be same. It's just there is a authentic authentication step in the middle.

42:08 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So you're saying that the Chrome overlay once it's downloaded, can be applicable to both. Correct.

42:15 - Vik
That's correct. That's right there.

42:18 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
But I guess the confusion is that dentera Deepak and Deepankar embedded ortho new layer, or something into denture care. So it's a little bit different. No.

42:31 - Vik
So deep in the bunker. No, they it's just like the workflow.

42:38 - Deepankar Sharma
Yeah, I can explain it better. Because so the workflow is that the ortho news layer, the Chrome plugin, once it sorry, once it intercepts the CDT code, it will have a programmatic access to denture care. So the Chrome extension or the back end which is backing the Chrome extension, it will make an API call to dentera care saying that this particular doctor has written this CDT code or this prescription for the patient and we will have the patient information. Now what dentera care is going to do is it will relay that particular prescription to the patient and the patient can say, okay, this is my prescription.

43:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Now I can purchase the medicine.

43:19 - Deepankar Sharma
So that is the intent. Integration that we have covered so far. The other integration is that the what the code and data piece we are talking about, right, that the doctor is using the PMS, they said that, okay, I'm giving away this particular product to the patient. Now I need to restock that, right. And that's where we are saying that the same plugin, the Chrome extension that you have created, it can go to the code and data procurement, it can add the products to the cart. And then finally, the clinic or whoever that doctor or authorized person is, they can place the order and restock those medicines.

44:01 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
All in one click.

44:06 - Unidentified Speaker
Correct.

44:07 - Deepankar Sharma
OK, so that's already implemented.

44:10 - Deepankar Sharma
Not the second piece. The first piece where the prescription goes to the patient, that is integrated. The second piece where, You know, the CDT code is intercepted and then the item gets added to Dantira's cart and then order is placed on OrthoNu for restocking at the clinic location. That piece hasn't been done yet.

44:30 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. So that's the piece that's, that's, that we were discussing right now, right? Yes. Okay. So how, what needs to be done for that to happen?

44:38 - Vik
Go ahead, go ahead Deepankar. Yeah.

44:46 - Deepankar Sharma
thing is the you know, login works differently because there are multiple clinics involved over here, we need to know which exact clinic is there. And once we know that that and then you know, obviously the product which needs to be added to the cart and so on. So those are the two key information that we need. And from that point onward, it can be an API integration. Does that make sense?

45:12 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah. So how long would that take? And is it a case dependent? Is it like dependent on each office or each DSO?

45:21 - Vik
No, no. So once we have the, so first of all, I mean, you can pass those products in the URL and doctor will see it. It will not automatically add it. It will work without like automation in terms of addition to the cart.

45:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

45:40 - Vik
But the link still works. He just has to add those products himself to the card adopter. That's it.

45:46 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
I see. OK. So it's manual at this point. It's not automated.

45:50 - Vik
It's not automated. But connection is still there. It's just a link. It's just a link. Yeah.

45:56 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
OK. All right. So then I present it that way.

46:01 - Vik
Yeah. You can present it that way. Yeah. You can say that it will automatically take you to Dentira with those products visible, which you can to the cart and all of that.

46:11 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
And that is based on the CDT codes that we've identified that are now, okay. So those 46 CDT codes, right, Sagar? That's what we have implemented?

46:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah,

46:21 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay, so we have 46 CDT codes across all specialties. And if any of those CDT codes are triggered, then it either, it goes to denture care, but it also is automated or can be manually put into Ventura to have procurement, to have it reorder or stock those items.

46:42 - Vik
Yeah, I'll send you the link, which Sagar, you need to trigger, but I'll send you that information. Yeah.

46:50 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. Okay. So then Sagar, maybe we make sure that that is presented in the video so that when I speak about it, that that is very clear so that they know if they're already using it or they're not using um, that we can, we can have that, you know, transparent there.

47:07 - Vik
Yeah. So Sagar, all you need to do is I will give you a link and in the link, you have to plug in the product IDs, uh, like the, the, the SKUs. So you can have as many SKUs in the URL as you like, and just, you have to redirect user to that link. That's it. You understand? Can can you, can you explain that? I'm saying I will give you a URL format in that you can plug in the SKUs. And you can redirect user to that to that URL. That's it. So you can open a new window and redirect user to that URL.

47:44 - Vik
That's it.

47:47 - Deepankar Sharma
Just to give you an example, right? I'll just explain what I've understood so far with the Chrome extension. So I hope you're able to see my Amazon screen, right? Yes. So here, you know, Microsoft Edge already already has Microsoft Shopping integrated into it as a plugin, when I click on it, it basically opens this overlay for me, which is kind of tracking the product and so on, right. So what I'm assuming is that your Chrome extension is also going to work in a similar way, where this will be the PMS. And once the doctor has typed in a particular phrase, your intelligence will be able to identify the CDT code. And then you know, this pop up can open stating that you can, you know, restock these products directly from Dentira, right. And Sagar, what Vik is suggesting is that you can have a single click over here that restock products from Dentira, you click on it, it is going to redirect you to Dentira with a specific URL, which will say, you know, product ID is equal to XYZ, and so on. And all those products will basically be visible to the doctor or whoever is integrating as an umbrella, because over here, through which they can purchase, you know, five products or whatever. Yeah, you can put as many as many SKUs over here. Correct. Correct. Yeah.

49:35 - Vik
Yeah. So Sima, this is how it's going to operate. So it will be a link which will take them to the right product set on on denture.

49:45 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. So we, for right now, are the only ones obviously that are CDT code triggered or automated smart phrases, so that's only nine SKUs of product portfolio. What if other companies come to you and, or if, if, if let's just say that happens, like, what do you think is the best approach if people are wanting, because Mary Pham said, Oh, so many products would, would want to be triggered by a CDT code or an automated smart phrase.

50:16 - Vik
I think you have to tell them that they have to install your smart right, that plug-in, that is the way they can automate the ordering on Dentira. So yes, you're absolutely right. So tell them to get your smart plug-in. And from there, they can directly trigger or connect with the right products on Dentira as well as Dentira.

50:39 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Right. But what I'm saying is that from a business perspective with Dentira since we're doing it together in that regard with the cdt code how do you recommend and if other companies want to have that same ctc I think yeah we can have some revenue split, right?

50:57 - Vik
So if another company wants it, you tell them that it will cost them 7%, whatever. And then we share the revenue between us.

51:08 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. So on the flip side, if they want to license the Chrome layer or if they want to.

51:19 - Vik
Yeah. So either one, I think whether you license them the Chrome layer and on top of it, they don't have to pay any fee to you versus every, we can have a transactional revenue. That is something we can discuss, which one makes more sense.

51:32 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yes. Okay. We can discuss that later, but also from the other, other side of it, you know, the, the big call to action for the DSOs when I speak with them, we also have a round table with 25 DSOs um that I'm going to be with some that are not part of you know ortho news part of portfolio but perhaps part of Dentira yeah so what would be the best way uh once we pilot them you know is there anything that you can do on your end in terms of a collaboration or yeah I think yeah if like I said if we have one customer live then we can basically tell them this is how it operates in other environment and if there are interested, we can have the plugin which will work with their practice management system and automate the process.

52:18 - Vik
Yeah. Like I said, we need one working customer, whoever, D4C or Pacific, whoever. And from there, I think it will be very easy to even talk to them about the revenue numbers are expected, whatever the ROI and all that stuff.

52:34 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. So let's, let's let's get everything ready for the presentation. You know, if you want to send everything over, we'll have it ready. We can even send you the deck to share with you what we're presenting. Okay. And then we can follow up, you know, in two weeks, let it I'll let you know how everything went.

52:53 - Vik
When is the when is the meeting DSO connect?

52:57 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
April 29?

52:58 - Vik
April 29? Do you have everything or you need something from us like a video or a presentation?

53:04 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, no. I mean, I would love. I mean, I know Sagar has a video, and that is Sagar. What is that video that demo showing exactly?

53:14 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, it is basically a POC system.

53:21 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Can you share it with Vik and see if there's something else?

53:23 - Vik
I think you can share the video or the script. We can add it or enhance it based on what we discussed today.

53:31 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, Deepankar, like you know how you went through the system last time when we were on the call together? Where you're explaining exactly how it would work in that video, I think that is very valuable as well.

53:44 - Deepankar Sharma
The walkthrough of the care. Yeah.

53:52 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah. And then also being able to showcase what that would look like if it was through another peer, like everything that you just said, basically, right. But deepak, Sagar, why don't you show them the video that we have embedded in the in the presentation? So they can see. Can you pull that up?

54:08 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, let me of video, let me run product of concept that we are building. That video is basically showing only that thing. So let me show you that only. Next. I will show you. Yeah. Explain it to me. Yeah, so basically, when anyone clicks the patient, then there is a similar code.

55:10 - Deepankar Sharma
your file explorer.

55:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

55:30 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah.

55:34 - Sagar Gohil
So there is a patient you in the left So when anyone clicks that, then there is a CDT code. Then when the protocol engine is mapped to CDT code and based on that, it will recommend the product that protocol engine is recommend from the CDT code. And we can directly uh order it from the Dentira. It will show some kind of thing that this system is connected with the Dentira, so yeah these are the things that we are showing in the video.

56:25 - Vik
Okay, so I think maybe we can create a video which covers both sides, right? Um, so I think Deepak probably you want to work alongside Sagar to create an overall flow video of the doctor's journey, right. Whether it is through Dentira or whether it's Dentira.

56:52 - Deepak Sharma
Is that? Yeah, Sagar let's connect during the day. Yeah. I'll bring my designers on board. We will keep it little abstract. And I'll share a few samples with you. Deepak, do you have the CDN links handy for dentera videos?

57:11 - Deepankar Sharma
Yes, the care videos, right?

57:12 - Deepankar Sharma
Yeah, yeah.

57:13 - Deepankar Sharma
I can paste them in the meeting chat.

57:17 - Vik
Yeah. So Sima, what we'll do is that Deepak will work alongside Sagar and create a workflow videos which you can demonstrate it. I mean, between one to two minutes max, you can see the flow cells and then yeah.

57:32 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah so currently this video is basically showing the oral intelligence layer of how it would work correct?

57:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Correct.

57:39 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
And then after this video we can get a little deeper into denture and denture care and where is the EPIC video Sagar or is this implemented within it?

57:48 - Sagar Gohil
No EPIC video is not there. I have created a particular slide on that deck for the EPIC that we are going to show for the patient.

58:03 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, Vik, I mean, you know the DSO market well.

58:06 - Vik
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

58:07 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
I want to be able to really capture them and get them excited and make it very simple for them. Ideally, what we're pitching is that the current patient systems that they have, the current patients that they see, that there's a huge ancillary revenue stream that they're missing because they're not utilizing the comfort protocol for every CDT code that warrants one. So now if we can showcase to them how simple it would be to automate it within the dentera system, it would very much be something that people will sign on to. So I would love your team's, you know.

58:54 - Vik
Yeah, as long as you can sell them an idea, I think after that execution, I think it's simpler. Yeah.

59:04 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. Yeah. So what is the timeline Deepak? Because we have to hand in the deck by tomorrow. Is there any way to do it not tonight, but in the morning and then give it to us tomorrow night? Is that feasible?

59:20 - Deepak Sharma
Not really, Sima. Okay. I think it will take us at least, you know, a minimum three to four days to do it.

59:32 - Vik
So Sima, you have to give deck, but do you have to give video also, which you can play there?

59:39 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
I mean, maybe what we can do is I can ask for an extension.

59:43 - Vik
What would slides mean? Can add today? So Deepak, slides we can give today, video we will put later on.

59:53 - Deepak Sharma
So because on slides, right, I think there were, I think it was a very extensive slide deck, I think it was like 47 or 48 slides. Seven, we're talking about the integration. So there we introduced, you know, dentida care specific branding. But rest of the things were around, you know, the ortho who's business model. Got it. Got it. I mean, we have no authority to touch that, right?

1:00:22 - Vik
No, no, no. We just have to add a slide where it tells that there is integration with denture care plus there is integration with denture in terms of yeah, those are those are so those.

1:00:35 - Deepak Sharma
That's all.

1:00:35 - Vik
I don't see my we don't I don't think we need to do anything with the deck. I think it's about a video which we can do if you have time to share those during your presentations.

1:00:46 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So the video you mean like the one that Deepankar did, that video showing how it works?

1:00:54 - Vik
But with yours, yeah, with your side also, whatever we have is on our side, right? We'll try to create a joint video which will show the flow from your side all the way to our side.

1:01:05 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, that would be great because what we have is just the oral intelligence layer going through Dentira.

1:01:11 - Vik
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So we just combine those two videos and produce a one, one and a half minute video, which they can see the flow.

1:01:20 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah. Okay. I mean, why don't we do this? Um, I'll submit the as is right now. And then if you want me to, I mean, I can hold off until when, like, you know, Thursday morning, probably latest. So Thursday morning, Eastern standard time. So if you're curious. Curate something or if you can create a video and then Sagar can just pull it, pull it in to the another, another slide. You know, that way it doesn't touch the deck and we can just insert it. We can leave it blank and then insert it.

1:01:57 - Vik
Yeah. No, no. I think that sounds great. You submit whatever you have and if we can iterate, you can resubmit. Yeah.

1:02:04 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. Sagar, do you have everything you need in order to finish the deck? And all the things that we discussed today, is everything clear in terms of what we need to do? The link that Vik was gonna send you, Vik, I assume you'll do that now?

1:02:18 - Vik
Yeah, I'll share with you, yeah.

1:02:22 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, so, yeah, for the deck, there is a short feedback over there, so I have to work on that, like, I didn't see at all, like, that feedback on the deck that I send, yesterday. So I will review that. So let me check that all the feedback from the spot that I Read up there. I'll up there. I'll send letters that to the debug.

1:02:55 - Vik
And so Sima in the context of the video, right, we'll we'll need a transcript from your end on the key thing you want to highlight and Sagar all the screenshots if you can share right those will help us a lot so we create you can you can try playing these videos that Deepankar have shared so these are a little abstract where we showcase the maybe Deepankar can you bring up one of the videos yeah sure so Sagar I pasted the url format so the q is the string and you have a space which is %20 between every product code so you can see there are two product code in this string 13100 and 209 and if you want to put another one you have to another add %20 and then another code and you can keep doing it but this is how it will be let me know if if you have any questions.

1:04:02 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so can you play this one, Deepankar? Let me see how it works here. Maybe this is just the video we can use.

1:04:10 - Deepankar Sharma
Yeah, so this is the patient's perspective, how the journey would look like for a patient. I'll also play the doctor's perspective afterwards.

1:04:23 - Deepak Sharma
Deepankar, volume is not there. Sorry, you're not able to hear the volume? Yeah. Audio is not there.

1:04:30 - Deepak Sharma
Let me check.

1:04:45 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Vik, how great would it be if this was automated in the CDT code, all of these products? Anyway, go ahead. Sorry. Did I?

1:05:01 - Deepankar Sharma
No, one second. I'm seeing how to enable the audio from my device. Stop share. Share again. Also share system audio.

1:05:31 - Unidentified Speaker
After your dental visit, receiving prescriptions and supplements such as sodium fluoride toothpastes or oral analgesics and purchasing them should never feel like a burden. With Dentira, It's as simple as opening your email. Every time your dentist prescribes medicines, you'll instantly receive a secure email with a one-click link to view your personalized prescription. No searching, no confusion. Your complete prescription with clear dosage, frequency, and instructions is right here. Easy to access anytime. And here's the best part. You can order all your prescribed medicines at once. Or just for a shorter duration if you prefer, Dentira takes care of the rest. With a few clicks, your order is placed and your medicines are delivered right to your doorstep in just two days to three days. If you chose a shorter duration, Dentira reminds you exactly when it's time to refill so you'll never miss a dose or worry about running out. Dentira makes prescription management effortless, giving patients confidence, convenience, and care right at their fingertips. For clinics, it means healthier, happier patients who stay on track with their treatment.

1:06:54 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 2
Welcome to Dentira Care. In this tutorial series, we'll guide you step by step through everything you need to know as a doctor. Let's start with setting up your profile. First, upload your profile picture. Next, select your specialty so patients can easily find you. Finally, choose a theme for your profile to give it a personalized look. That completes your profile setup. Now, let's move to the clinic identity section. Here, you'll need to upload your clinic logo. Enter your clinic name, add your clinic tagline, and provide your clinic address. Once done, your onboarding process is complete. Once you've completed your onboarding process, you'll be taken to the dashboard. Here, you can start building your catalog and prescription creation and supplement recommendations. To add products to your catalog, go to the modify catalog section. Begin adding the products available at your clinic. This ensures you have everything ready to prescribe to your patients. Next, let's create a template. Simply give your template a name and a short description. Then, start adding to the products you've included. Your template is now ready to be used anytime. Now, prescription creation and supplement recommendations. Fill in the patient's name, email, and any notes you'd like to add. You can use the template you created earlier, or select products directly from your catalog and add instructions. Once ready, generate the prescription and supplement recommendations. They will be available in both QR code and PDF formats. Make it easy for patients to purchase and consume their medicines. As a doctor, you can also track and analyze all your activities directly from the dashboard. This gives you clear insights into your prescriptions, patient engagement, and clinic performance. Congratulations, you've now learned how to set up your catalog, create templates, Yeah, so this is wonderful, but I don't think that this is the time to showcase the dentera care and the doctor login. I think it's way too long. I think if they're not already like integrated into dentera care, this is a better way to advise them by explaining to them how it would work through denture and denture care.

1:09:32 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
And this can be like a follow up with the people that already do denture.

1:09:36 - Deepak Sharma
But I think if you can help us with the transcript, right, this combined video we have to create a combined video.

1:09:47 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Is this something that you're saying to integrate the two videos you just gave us?

1:09:52 - Deepak Sharma
No, no, I mean, we'll have to come up with the new video transcript, right? You know, so if it is a two minutes video, you know, the screenshots of orthonews portal, the plugins, what you want to showcase, and just a basic transcript. And then once it goes to dentera care, what happens, right? Then the patient side of things gets triggered, where they get an email, they can scan place and order all that. So we can have a like a two minute short script like that and we can pop up all these you know different images showcasing the end-to-end workflow.

1:10:33 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay so what I can do is write a transcript but I would like it to be you know where it shows the ortho new products as well right because that's what we're showcasing the ortho new portfolio so is that possible if we were to give you images of that but then obviously they know the that dentera care is separate, that you have a whole series of products that you offer. So it's more about showcase. I mean, the people in the audience, not many of them have known about dentera care. Is that right?

1:11:05 - Vik
No, no, that's right. Dentira care is not in the market yet. Yeah. Yeah.

1:11:14 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. So I guess my question is, Sagar, what are we showcasing with our video. It's showcasing the Dentira workflow, correct?

1:11:24 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, I want to know, like CDT code to order class metric, product recommended to order with Dentira. That is the flow we are showing on the video.

1:11:39 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
OK, so what do you think is missing, Vik, then, or Deepak, that we need to still implement, just to showcase more of the way works within dentera?

1:11:48 - Vik
No, no, I think if you already have a video, let's let's keep it. We don't need to change it. I just wanted to make sure they understand if they have dentera, there is no extra work on their part. It's fully integrated already. That's it.

1:12:02 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
I see. Okay, so that's the video that I would need to send a transcript over is that once Sagar this video is shown about how it works in dentera.

1:12:11 - Vik
And then if those people in the audience do have dentera what it would look like another 60 second video or 30 second video of what it looks like inside dentera yeah something like I said if you I didn't see your video if you have a video I mean it if it is primarily like like that video shows only the thing like that I show you like the patient select yeah that video shows only that thing how long is that video uh around one minute okay okay so Yeah, I think the only thing you will do is that you will click on the action and it will take you to Dentira shopping cart and you will place an order. That's it. It's just like three extra screens you will show to tell them how the flow is. That's it. Yeah.

1:12:57 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. Right. Because primarily that's how it's going to be working. So we need to showcase that because it's going through Dentira first. You're the first platform. That we're integrating with. So it would be smart to show them what that looks like, I agree. Okay.

1:13:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:13:17 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So you need a transcript D pack from the workflow from Sagar into showcasing like Vik said, or do you kind of already know?

1:13:25 - Deepak Sharma
Not really. I think if it is just one Dentira screen for order placement, I think Sagar can just, you do it.

1:13:35 - Vik
We can send him the screen and Sagar can incorporate or add in video, right, Sagar?

1:13:41 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, I'll cooperate with Deepak and we'll...

1:13:46 - Vik
Yeah, you coordinate with Deepak and yeah, okay, perfect.

1:13:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Okay.

1:13:49 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So maybe that's what we'll do. We'll just incorporate that one slide to show them so that they understand.

1:13:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, that's it.

1:13:56 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay, wonderful. All right. So next steps, Vik, if you'd like to tell me what you'd like to do or how you want to proceed after the lecture.

1:14:05 - Vik
Yeah. So I think, like I said, the first thing is to get PDS live. If you have that thing, as soon as you think the time is there or the pilot is done, bring us into that conversation with them and we'll try to take them all their 1200 offices live on the platform as soon as possible. We just need a buy-in from their management, right, to do that.

1:14:27 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Who do you deal with directly there at PDS?

1:14:32 - Vik
Heather and Amy, who are you, who are you dealing with there?

1:14:35 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
We deal with Stephanie Gleason, Josh Albright, Jeremy Hockneer, but they're on the other side. They're on the business side. You're more on the integration side.

1:14:44 - Vik
We are on the procurement side. Correct. Correct.

1:14:46 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Right. So Heather, what is Heather's last name?

1:14:48 - Vik
Shulga, Heather Shulga.

1:14:50 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. But she needs the approval from higher up.

1:14:54 - Vik
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So she will execute once the management has approved. Yeah.

1:14:59 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Do you speak with management, anyone in particular that you deal with?

1:15:04 - Vik
So yeah, no, no, in the end, we talked to the founder and brother, you know?

1:15:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:15:10 - Vik
So yeah, so those are the ones who give the green light. But day to day, our weekly calls are with brother and team. Yeah.

1:15:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Steve.

1:15:21 - Vik
Okay, wonderful.

1:15:23 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
The brother, I forget the brother's name, but Steve, I know. Yes. Okay, so then that would be Great. So then you could help to integrate from the PMS, from the EHR into Dentira. That would be the first biggest pilot.

1:15:36 - Vik
Yeah, I think that that project we should execute, we will learn a lot. And then once that is live, then we can start reaching out to everybody else. Yeah.

1:15:46 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. And then as far as the ortho new product portfolio, I think it's currently on Dentira right now. So I just want to put everything into place. And then what I can do is maybe you and I can set up a meeting in a couple of weeks with PDS to explain how the integration would work and you know, all of that.

1:16:07 - Vik
Perfect, perfect. That sounds great.

1:16:09 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay, anything else on your end that you would need or anything else that you want from us to like promote into your collaboration? Do you want to put it on social media? Is there anything that you think is Yeah, yeah.

1:16:24 - Vik
I think if you have any plans of any social media pushes, or if you have anything going out, if you think it makes sense to have done it on both social media networks, or I mean, accounts, we can do it. Deepak, Deepankar, do you need, do you need anything from Sima's team?

1:16:46 - Deepak Sharma
Not, not really Vik.

1:16:47 - Vik
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Sima, nothing as of right now, but if something comes up we'll let you know.

1:16:54 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. So do you want us to create a social post and then you can repost it or?

1:16:59 - Vik
Yeah, we can repost it. Yeah. Yeah.

1:17:01 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
And then also you can implement it into dent here as well. I don't know if you have a newsletter or something that goes out within the platform.

1:17:09 - Vik
Yeah, we can also, yeah, we have monthly newsletter. We can add you guys in. Are you live or this is not live, right? So what I'm saying is what should we say? So that people don't ask us, how do I use it? Because if it's not live, people won't be able to use it.

1:17:24 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah. So Sagar, when can this be live? When is this going to be actually live to be able to use? And how can people get it? I guess that's a good question.

1:17:33 - Sagar Gohil
For the Chrome overlay we are talking about, right?

1:17:39 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, the intelligence layer. Like, how can people access it and use it?

1:17:46 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah. For the basic one, for the testing purpose one, the mock that we are going to show on the 29th, that is going to live, that is basically working on the mock application, the mock page of the PMS, any PMS. I am going to create one mock PMS system that on top of that, that Chrome overlay is working. So after all the logging to the DSO and on the Chrome overlay, Chrome extension, that is working after that. I'm planning that it will work after that. So that is taking a lot of time. Five to 10 days after that.

1:18:46 - Vik
So I think we need to have a working prototype. And we can target one PMS. So then we can tell people this is download this and try it out. But it has to work. Yeah.

1:19:02 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So then, yeah, it from Centera side? Isn't that something that we already implemented, can we use that?

1:19:12 - Vik
So, no, no, you can use Dentira site, but we still need a PMS, right? Because it has to be given to a customer who has the exact same PMS.

1:19:22 - Deepankar Sharma
So the flow is initiated from OrthoNu, not from Dentira. Any order placed on Dentira care with OrthoNu products, that integration is there. But the intelligence layer, it has to come from OrthoNu.

1:19:36 - Vik
Yeah, yeah. Need this thing to work with a PMS so that people can download and install or or try it out. Yeah.

1:19:43 - Deepankar Sharma
So what we have understood so far, right, I'll just quickly share my screen. So there will be an existing PMS softwares, which everybody is already using, let's say epic PMS, right, then there will be orthonews extension, the intelligence layer, which will be a Chrome plugin, right. So this entire thing is just a one Chrome window. Over there, we can give them the option that you can procure these particular products based on the CDT code directly from Dentira, which means it is a B2B use case. The clinic will directly get it. And the second flow, which we have already provided the APIs and so on, which Sagar is integrating, is this one where the PMS, whoever is the user of PMS, they decide to send the prescription to the patient directly. So this flow is already there, but in order to demonstrate it, we will require some screenshots where you have PMS open, you have the auto new intelligence layer via the plugin open over here. And through that, you can say that, hey, these are the CDT codes, these are the products, you can send the prescription to the patient in one click. And this is the second layer, which because just shared the URL with saga that, you know, clicking on it will directly take you to dentida where you will be able to basically see all products and so on. Does that make sense? So, yeah.

1:21:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:21:13 - Vik
So I think we need the plugin working for us to actually put it on social media with the link, right, then it becomes actionable, you know, I understand.

1:21:25 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
So Sagar is waiting on Sagar to create the link, correct? Correct. Sagar, are we waiting on you for that? Is that what they're waiting on? Sorry.

1:21:43 - Sagar Gohil
Can you say it again? So is that what they're waiting on for you to create that?

1:21:55 - Unidentified Speaker
for it to go live?

1:21:59 - Deepankar Sharma
So we will require a functional system, I would say. Yeah. So once you publish it, that's when we can go with the newsletter and so on.

1:22:09 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah. So the Chrome overlay is complete get the API today. So it will complete the mock that we have decided before that plan we have planned before that I think it is completed once 27 so after that we have to work on the login system that we have to give on the extension like for every year so that are going to work on that like that system we have to build after that Yeah, it won't be it won't be a login saga per se, when they say procure from dentida, right, when they click on, you know, whatever is shown over here, there will be a call to action, they click on it, it will take them directly to dentida.com with their existing credentials and everything, right.

1:23:12 - Deepankar Sharma
So this is where you will hand over the flow from the PMS over to dentida. And they can directly, you know, add the products to the cart, do the checkout and all those things. So it will be as easy as just hitting on that particular thing. If they are already using dentida procurement, they will be able to add the products to the cart, like we gave an example of searching 13100 as the item, right. So you can see all these products. So similar to this, let's say that one CDT code had these 10 products under it, right. So all of these will start to show up to that particular person who is logged in.

1:23:52 - Sagar Gohil
Okay.

1:23:53 - Deepankar Sharma
Okay. So it won't be an integration that you will have to do. You just have to build it in such a way that you give them the ability to decide whether you want to send a prescription to the patient, which API is you already have. And the second one is you can procure from Dentira. It is a link which will open in a new tab, which will show all these products. They can say, add to cart and then finally they can check out this particular cart and be done with it.

1:24:23 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, and then from the end to test it open.

1:24:26 - Deepankar Sharma
Yeah. So you won't require any integration, whatever, you know, example Vik has provided to you, the link, right? To you or you already have it. So whatever the SKUs you have, right? Kavi wipes. If there are others you can just, you know, search for those and, you know, they can procure directly from Dentira. So all the conversions that are happening, you can add, you know, these GTM parameters and so on, sorry, UTM parameters that it is coming from orthonew so that we can keep a track of it. But all that is secondary. Sima, this makes sense to you. This is how it is supposed to work, right?

1:25:16 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Yeah, no, I agree with you. And I think we just have to make sure that we have it live. Because otherwise, I'm presenting something that's not ready. And that's, you know, I guess that's a part of the interior care will be ready, right? From your end, you guys will be ready by the end of the month.

1:25:35 - Deepankar Sharma
We are already ready. All the APIs have been developed. And yeah, yeah.

1:25:41 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay. In simple terms is for this Chrome overlay that we can essentially tell them to use it and download it. And once that's downloaded, then it automates into Dentira because they're using ortho new products. Is that correct? Okay. So Sagar, are you able to do that to have this go live and people download it to use it for Dentira as the the first case.

1:26:11 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So my target is targeting little bit change. There is little bit change on that. But yeah, we can complete that within the timeline.

1:26:27 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Hey, Deepankar, is there any way that you can help Sagar? Is there something simple that can help? Or is this something that requires a lot of time from his end?

1:26:34 - Deepankar Sharma
No, I think it should straightforward because this piece, I think Sagar, you have made progress regarding this one, it is just, you know, creating a URL, that's it, no authentication, no API is nothing, you will create a URL, somebody will click on it, and they will see the products. So I think it should be straightforward, because it will not be as complex as the dentida care piece, because it requires an external authentication, the doctor, the patient, all those things, this one is very straightforward. So Sagar, if you need any assistance, we will be happy to help.

1:27:12 - Sagar Gohil
Okay, okay, okay.

1:27:16 - Deepankar Sharma
So Sagar, from your end, we will expect the list of products, images and you know, whatever orthonew is offering, we can upload it into our catalog so that you know, the integration is seamless.

1:27:29 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah, I'll send it by after the meeting.

1:27:32 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
I have all the to send you and then also send him the tweaks videos, the tweaks of liner videos, and all the material for all the products and the collections. You have that saga, or do you want Francesca to do that? Uh yeah, I think yesterday Francesco sent me all the things, so yeah, so just send it to Deepankar and like let him have everything, all the videos, everything.

1:28:01 - Sagar Gohil
Yeah yeah, I’ll share it.

1:28:06 - Conference Room (Sima Yakoby Epstein, DMD) - Speaker 1
Okay, perfect. All right, thank you so much, guys. I know it’s a lot of work, but I appreciate you very much, and please, I’m here, let me know if I can help in any way, and Deepankar will be in touch and let you know what’s happening from the, the, you know, presentation side. Okay.

1:28:26 - Deepankar Sharma
Yeah, definitely.

1:28:26 - Deepankar Sharma
Thanks, guys.

1:28:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Have a good day. Have a good night. Yeah.